Add informatione about FoP User groups (#161)
PrestaShop/open-source: content/user-groups/_index.md

When you have created you user group logo and published it on your forum, group, chat, or your favourite communication channel, please tell the world about it: add it to the list in the dedicated document (coming soon).

This way, interested people will be able to find your group easily and join it with a few clicks.

## Official user groups

> ![Friend of Presta](fop_logotype-horizontal-blanc-avec-fond.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Friends of Presta](fop_logotype-horizontal-blanc-avec-fond.svg)
```

> Friends of Presta is a French community that unites developers and integrators who work with the open-source e-commerce platform PrestaShop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Friends of Presta is a French community that connects developers and integrators who work with the open-source e-commerce platform PrestaShop.
```

> Every year, Friend of Presta (FoP) organizes a day of conferences and workshops that bring together developers, integrators, and members of the PrestaShop open-source team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every year, Friends of Presta (FoP) organizes a day of conferences and workshops that bring together developers, integrators, and members of the PrestaShop open-source team.
```

> FoP manages a Slack channel and a Facebook page that has attracted thousands of members who share a passion for PrestaShop

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
FoP manages a Slack channel and a Facebook page, attracting thousands of members who share a passion for PrestaShop.
```

> You can also join our security team for a safer e-commerce (more than 50 flaws reported on third party modules). And many projects on our [Github](https://github.com/friends-of-presta) including the [FoP Console](https://github.com/friends-of-presta/fop_console).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also join the organization's security team for a safer e-commerce (more than 50 flaws reported on third party modules). And many projects on [GitHub](https://github.com/friends-of-presta) including the [FoP Console](https://github.com/friends-of-presta/fop_console).
```

> [Join us to become a part of this community and help us improve PrestaShop!](https://friendsofpresta.org/en)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Join FoP to become a part of the community and help improve PrestaShop!](https://friendsofpresta.org/en)
```
